alright youtubers going on we got
another first look video for you here
this is the new zero-tolerance oh six
thirty Emerson collaboration very very
similar to the oh six twenty in fact I'm
99% sure of the frame and scale are
identical well excuse me cynical size
the milian the g10 is a little different
on this one but with the six thirty you
get the sex you look in CQC eight blade
these looked almost I mean pretty much
identical to a CQC eight this it's not
quite as long but it's longer than the
horsemen which is also a similar blade
style so you get that nice two-tone
finish there with the stone watching
here and then that polished grind and
such really really cool looking you have
this awesome swedge right here that is
also polished so you just get a really
neat looking two-tone look at that how
that switch comes down it's really neat
it's just a it's a really really good
looking blade guys if you're not a fan
of the tanto and that's what's held you
off of the the Emerson collaborations
with CT this is your best bet right here
because it's just a gorgeous blade look
it's got a good amount of belly on that
blade I anticipate this to be a really
really good slicer so I haven't looked
for some tomatoes or something to slice
up of it you know to demonstrate that
didn't have any in the kitchen so all we
can slice is paper I guess but the six
thirty is another great offering this is
the new the first model out for 2015 for
ziti they do have quite a few more
coming out in the near future so keep an
eye out for a lot of their offerings but
this is the first one of 2015 this was
announced at shot show and they got it
out really quick assuming just because
really the frame and the G this scale
and such are very similar to the other
six 20s so they were you know I'm pretty
much just had to manufacture the blades
the steel on this one is going to be
s35vn which a lot of they're new
and you can see there 6:30 emerson
designed a serial number on this is
super low at 16 cool
a lot of their new nice that's where i
was going with that or coming out in
s35vn previously l max was there kind of
go to blade steel there was an M 390
version the 620 carbon fiber and 390 is
very very difficult to get right now
because the bowler is pretty backed up
so you'll see in a lot of changes like
they changed the gt390 to from m390 to
cts 204 so it's just the heart it's hard
to get right now so that's why you might
see a hardness if you can pick up one of
these 620 carbon fibers right now m390
blade that's a really good really good
bet so but I like guys 35 DN quite a bit
so it's a great steel choice this knife
comes in at 200 bucks which he's an
awesome deal full titanium frame lock
stainless steel lock bar insert it's not
washers but it's super smooth that's out
of the box I haven't put any oil in
there I will it up a little bit some
nano oil that's gonna drop free on me
wave works awesome you know I reviewed
the 620 this isn't much different just
the different blade shape so same specs
I'm you know identical - the blade shape
that is super sharp I got to be careful
telling I love this blade shape though
it's really really good look and I love
that that belly I wasn't really gonna
think this model up just because I
wasn't a huge fan of the g10 looked but
then I want to suck found out that you
could use the same scale as a lot of
guys are starting scales for the East
and like okay that's the beggin for a
custom scale and then you've got then in
my opinion much more attractive blade
shape I like tanto so I like the other
one but this one is just really a really
good looking
so Emerson wise like I said the CQC 8 it
would be the closest thing to this but
if you want a frame lock there's the CQC
12 Emerson that has a very similar blade
shape as well but you're paying another
extra hundred and fifty dollars for that
and you're only getting all that guys my
card 154 for me so as I was saying the
CQC 12 would be the closest Emerson
that's the eight or the 12 the 12 was
also a titanium frame lock but you are
paying an extra hundred and fifty
dollars for that you're also paying your
getting a lesser steal and you know a
Mersenne tends to suffer a little bit
from quality control and some of their
models their build qualities whereas ZT
you know built like a tank like it says
it's true very very rarely have I ever
actually I don't recall ever having an
issue with any amaizing T's but I'm sure
if some people have but your customer
service is top-notch so you can't beat
the value if you really want an emerson
frame lock anyone number some design you
cannot be the value of this knife so
it's it's an exceptional value for $200
so specs on this it's got a three point
six inch blade it's a is four point nine
inches closed so it's a pretty good
sized knife 0.51 inches thick so it's
about a half inch thick in the handle
which is honestly not too bad I have
definitely have other titanium frame
lock that are much thicker so and then
weighs in at six point three ounces so
it's definitely a tank you know it's
heavy
but it's you know robust hard use type
knife good last-ditch self-defense tool
with the wave option you've got a nice
blade here the tanto might be a better
option for that if you're looking for
that but as an overall you know usable
knife this I think has a better better
blade style for that so definitely a
sweet looking knife guys the 630 by ZT
very stoked to have this one in hand so
first of the 2015 you keep watching the
channel you're gonna see a lot of the
new ZT s that I'm gonna be picking up
this year reviewing those given my first
impressions there's gonna be some really
cool offerings coming out as well as
some new Kershaw's that are really
exciting that are all that are us-made
Kershaw's so alright guys that's gonna
be it for the video now as a special
surprise here so if you watched until
the end it's gonna pay off possibly for
you I'm going to be giving away this
Kershaw Nura brand new and blister pack
as soon as this video hits 1000 likes or
excuse me 1000 views I'll be giving this
knife away to enter all you have to do
is comment down below and share the
video so that's my only requirement is
that you share it whether it be but view
Google+ Facebook whatever you want to do
you know share the video and then
let's get that 2,000 views and as soon
as we do one lucky guy's gonna win this
so we'll just we know we'll take the
number of people that I entered and you
doing around org you know just a random
giveaway but just doing that as a
special little giveaway for those that
watch the whole video go ahead and
comment down below that you wanting in
and share the video and that's all you
got to do to enter for the Kersh owner
all right guys thanks for watching my
video on the zt0 630 you have any
questions or comments leave them down
below see on the next video